[Banner] Change banner focus ring from box shadow to outline (#8780)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/clean-gifts-destroy.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': patch
---

> Change banner focus ring from box shadow to outline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changed banner focus ring from box shadow to outline
```

> Changed banner focus ring from box shadow to outline

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fixed small screen horizontal overflow by changing `Banner` focus ring from `box-shadow` to `outline`
```
